---
type: daybook
date: 2026-06-27
created: 2026-06-27
status: processed
---

# Daybook — 27 June 2026



Things to think about 

**Guild.**  

- Who are our stakeholders ?  
	- JB
	- SS
	- Helen
	- Dan ? 
	- Business ? 
- Group Members. 
	- Salesforce product team
	- Will Porter - Product owner
	- Solution Architects
		- Steve HS
	- Brad - EA
	- John P - EA - Data
	- Trudi King - SA lead
	- Mani Singh - Data
	- jerry Kofi ?  
	- Suresh Naguru 
	- Wreford Laurence
	- Ronan Williams
- Who decided the Guild should be set up ? Ie who had the vision for it.  (Is Dan involved?)
- What is the mandate ?  Build a model, Design a Process, share experience and knowledge. 
- What is the objective?  
- French team - do we really need to have them in the guild - feels too early.  
- Adjustment programme general - who is running it ?  Who owns it > Scope.  Relationship to Guild
- Helen - Stakeholder management.  Whats her relationship to the guild / AP etc.  Whats her stakeholder role? 
- S


**New item** - needs braindump and task to set it up. 

Adding Loops to COG - with Python, and scripts for triggers - see Tweets in Readwise
I like the processes - “put a file in a directory” triggering the process.  How to integrate that into COG 

Also how to play that into O365 - trigger in COG - auto file uploads to OneDrive and creates files and tasks.


New item - Obsidian learning.  Teach myself obsidian


New Item - sort out kadai - cleaning plus wooden lid. 

New Item - garden job - sand and varnish wooden tables etc in garden
















---
*Processed → [[braindump-2026-06-27-guild-cog-o365]]*
